Adds walkthrough section in documentation with jetbot tutorial (#2368)
isaac-sim/IsaacLab: docs/source/setup/walkthrough/training_jetbot_gt.rst

For a more detailed example of using ``VisualizationMarkers`` checkout the ``markers.py`` demo!

.. dropdown:: Code for the markers.py demo
   :icon: code

   .. literalinclude:: ../../../../scripts/demos/markers.py
      :language: python
      :linenos:

Next, we need to expand the initialization and setup steps to construct the data we need for tracking the commands as well as the marker positions and rotations. Replace the contents of
``_setup_scene`` with the following

.. code-block:: python

    def _setup_scene(self):
        self.robot = Articulation(self.cfg.robot_cfg)
        # add ground plane
        spawn_ground_plane(prim_path="/World/ground", cfg=GroundPlaneCfg())
        # clone and replicate
        self.scene.clone_environments(copy_from_source=False)
        # add articulation to scene
        self.scene.articulations["robot"] = self.robot
        # add lights
        light_cfg = sim_utils.DomeLightCfg(intensity=2000.0, color=(0.75, 0.75, 0.75))
        light_cfg.func("/World/Light", light_cfg)

        self.visualization_markers = define_markers()

>         self.up_dir = torch.tensor([0.0, 0.0, 1.0]).cuda()

Reviewer: maybe we can add some quick comments to each code block?

        self.commands[env_ids,-1] = 0.0
        self.commands[env_ids] = self.commands[env_ids]/torch.linalg.norm(self.commands[env_ids], dim=1, keepdim=True)

        ratio = self.commands[env_ids][:,1]/(self.commands[env_ids][:,0]+1E-8)
        gzero = torch.where(self.commands[env_ids] > 0, True, False)
        lzero = torch.where(self.commands[env_ids]< 0, True, False)
        plus = lzero[:,0]*gzero[:,1]
        minus = lzero[:,0]*lzero[:,1]
        offsets = torch.pi*plus - torch.pi*minus
        self.yaws[env_ids] = torch.atan(ratio).reshape(-1,1) + offsets.reshape(-1,1)

        default_root_state = self.robot.data.default_root_state[env_ids]
        default_root_state[:, :3] += self.scene.env_origins[env_ids]

        self.robot.write_root_state_to_sim(default_root_state, env_ids)
        self._visualize_markers()

And that's it! We now generate commands and can visualize it the heading of the Jetbot. We are ready to start tinkering with the observations and rewards.

.. figure:: ../../_static/setup/walkthrough_1_2_arrows.jpg
    :align: center
    :figwidth: 100%
    :alt: Visualization of the command markers

Exploring the RL problem
--------------------------

> The command to the Jetbot is a unit vector in specifying the desired drive direction and we must make the agent aware of this some how

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command to the Jetbot is a unit vector in specifying the desired drive direction and we must make the agent aware of this somehow
```

.. code-block:: python

    def _get_observations(self) -> dict:
        self.velocity = self.robot.data.root_com_vel_w
        self.forwards = math_utils.quat_apply(self.robot.data.root_link_quat_w, self.robot.data.FORWARD_VEC_B)

        dot = torch.sum(self.forwards * self.commands, dim=-1, keepdim=True)
        cross = torch.cross(self.forwards, self.commands, dim=-1)[:,-1].reshape(-1,1)
        forward_speed = self.robot.data.root_com_lin_vel_b[:,0].reshape(-1,1)
        obs = torch.hstack((dot, cross, forward_speed))

        observations = {"policy": obs}
        return observations

The dot or inner product tells us how aligned two vectors are as a single scalar quantity.  If they are very aligned and pointed in the same direction, then the inner
product will be large and positive, but if they are aligned and in opposite directions, it will be large and negative.  If two vectors are
perpendicular, the inner product is zero. This means that the inner product between the forward vector and the command vector can tell us
how much we are facing towards or away from the command, but not which direction we need to turn to improve alignment.

> the cross product also tells us how aligned two vectors are, but it expresses this relationship as a vector.  The cross product between any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cross product also tells us how aligned two vectors are, but it expresses this relationship as a vector.  The cross product between any
```
